Healthy communities don't just happen,
they're built through collaborative efforts to address
the social factors that shape our well-being.
These social determinants of health or SDLH include things like housing,
education,
social support,
and access to health care.
Addressing social determinants of health is essential for creating
equitable opportunities for everyone to live healthier lives.
That's why a multi-sector approach with
collaboration between health care policy makers,
community organizations and individuals is key.
Some strategies for addressing social determinants of health include
improving access to affordable housing,
expanding access to quality education,
strengthening social support networks,
creating safe and healthy neighborhoods.
And expanding access to affordable health care,
health care professionals play a vital role
in addressing social determinants of health,
starting with screening patients for social needs
by connecting patients to community resources and
advocating for policies that address root causes,
they can make a lasting impact.
Building relationships with local organizations is also crucial as together we
can tackle social determinants of health at the community level.
Addressing social determinants of health is not just about health care,
it's about creating a future where health disparities are a thing of the past.
By working together we can build healthier communities
and ensure everyone has the opportunity to thrive.